Add/universal login (#9038)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/platform/about-platform/access-regions-ip-addresses.md

## Accessing your account

The recommended way to sign in is [https://login.dbt.com](https://login.dbt.com). Enter your email, verify it, and select the account you want to open from the list of accounts associated with your email. For more information about the login process, refer to [Log in to dbt platform](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/login).

If you already know your account **Access URL**, you can sign in directly. Your access URL depends on your region and tenancy:

- **US multi-tenant:** `ACCOUNT_PREFIX.us1.dbt.com` (for example, `abc123.us1.dbt.com`)
- **EMEA multi-tenant:** `ACCOUNT_PREFIX.eu1.dbt.com` (for example, `abc123.eu1.dbt.com`)
- **APAC multi-tenant:** `ACCOUNT_PREFIX.au1.dbt.com` (for example, `abc123.au1.dbt.com`)
- **Worldwide single-tenant and VPC:** Use the vanity URL provided during your onboarding.

> Refer to the [tables earlier](#AWS) for the full list of access URLs by region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Amazon Web Services (AWS) table](#AWS) for the full list of access URLs by region.
```

Author: hey @nataliefiann will push back on this a little since i'd rather keep it generic - the only reason i linked to the aws section is because it's the start of the tables for all providers. if you check out the full context of the sentence, i'd rather have users go to the section and go to the provider that they use rather the direct them to go to aws in the text when in face they may be using gcp or azure, etc.
